[Email Security] Inline deployment docs (#19099)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/pre-delivery-deployment/inline-deployment-setup.mdx

---
title: Set up inline deployment
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

To set up MX Inline:

1. Log in to [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/).
2. Select **Email Security**.
3. Select **Monitoring**. If you are a first time user, select **Contact sales**. Otherwise, select **Set up**.
4. Select **MX/Inline**.

> 5. To start the MX/Inline configuration, you will have to completed the prerequisite setup on your email provider's platform. Once you have completed this step, select **I confirm that I have completed all the necessary requirements**. Then, select **Start configuration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To start the MX/Inline configuration, you will need to have completed the prerequisite setup on your email provider's platform. Once you have completed this step, select **I confirm that I have completed all the necessary requirements**. Then, select **Start configuration**.
```

If you have verified zones on Cloudflare, continue with the following steps:

1. **Connect a domain**: Select your domain. Then, select **Continue**.
2. **Select position**: This step allows you to choose where Email Security fits into your mail flow and configure position settings:
    - **Select position**: Choose between:
        - **Sit first (hop count = 1)**: Email Security sits at the first hop. There are no other email scanners or services between the Internet and Cloudflare.
        - **Sit in the middle (hop count > 1)**: Email Security sits in the middle of your email processing. There are other email scanners or email services in between.
    - **Position settings**: Refine how Email Security receives and forwards emails:
        - **Forwarding address**: This is your mail flow next hop after Email Security. This value is auto-filled, but you can still change it.
        - **Outbound TLS**: Choose between:
            1. **Forward all messages over TLS** (recommended).
            2. **Forward all messages using opportunistic TLS**.
    - Select **Continue**.

> 3. (**Optional**, select **Skip for now** to skip this step) **Configure quarantine policy**: Select dispositions to automatically prevent certain types incoming messages from reaching a recipient's inbox. Select 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (**Optional**, select **Skip for now** to skip this step) **Configure quarantine policy**: Select dispositions to automatically prevent certain types of incoming messages from reaching a recipient's inbox. 
```
Incomplete sentence, removing "Select" for now.

> 4. (Optional ) **Update MX records**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) **Update MX records**: 
```

>     - Email Security can automatically update MX records for domains that proxy traffic through Cloudflare. Under your mail processing location, select your mail processing location.

Reviewer: The sentence seem to have been duplicated, unless the first "mail processing location" was a component in the UI?

---
title: Set up inline deployment
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

To set up MX Inline:

1. Log in to [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/).
2. Select **Email Security**.
3. Select **Monitoring**. If you are a first time user, select **Contact sales**. Otherwise, select **Set up**.
4. Select **MX/Inline**.
5. To start the MX/Inline configuration, you will have to complete the prerequisite setup on your email provider's platform. Once you have completed this step, select **I confirm that I have completed all the necessary requirements**. Then, select **Start configuration**.

If you have verified zones on Cloudflare, continue with the following steps:

1. **Connect a domain**: Select your domain. Then, select **Continue**.
2. **Select position**: This step allows you to choose where Email Security fits into your mail flow and configure position settings:
    - **Select position**: Choose between:

>         - **Sit first (hop count = 1)**: Email Security sits at the first hop.There are not any other email scanners or services between the Internet and Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Sit first (hop count = 1)**: Email Security sits at the first hop. There are no other email scanners or services between the Internet and Cloudflare.
```

        - **Sit in the middle (hop count > 1)**: Email Security sits in the middle of your email processing. There are other email scanners or email services in between.
    - **Position settings**: Refine how Email Security receives and forwards emails:

>         - **Forwarding address**: This is your mail flow next hope after Email Security. This value is auto-filled, but you can still change it.

Reviewer: Not fully sure what this is trying to say

        - **Outbound TLS**: Choose between:
            1. **Forward all messages over TLS** (recommended).
            2. **Forward all messages using opportunistic TLS**.
    - Select **Continue**.
3. (Optional) **Configure quarantine policy**: Select dispositions to automatically prevent certain types incoming messages from reaching a recipient's inbox. 
4. (Optional ) **Update MX records**: 

>     - Email Security can automatically update MX records for domains that proxy traffic through Cloudflare. Under Your mail processing location, select one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Email Security can automatically update MX records for domains that proxy traffic through Cloudflare. Under your mail processing location, select one of the following:
```

Unless it's a title, in which case we'll have to have the text in bold
